Build environment variables. (#1791)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/development/variables.md

```bash
$ platform variable:create --level environment --name foo --value bar  --visible-build true --visible-runtime false
```

That will set a variable on the currently active environment (that is, the branch you have checked out).  To set a variable on a different environment include the `-e` switch to specify the environment name.

There are a few additional flags available on environment variables:

* Setting `--inheritable false` will cause the variable to not be inherited by child environments.  That is useful for setting production-only values on the `master` branch, and allowing all other environments to use a project-level variable of the same name.
* Setting `--sensitive true` flag will mark the variable to not be readable through the management console once it is set.  That makes it somewhat more private as requests through the Platform.sh CLI will not be able to view the variable.  However, it will still be readable from within the application container like any other variable.
* The `--visible-runtime` (default: `true`) flag defines that variable as accessible during runtime. 

> * The `--visible-build` (default: `true`) flag defines that variable as accessible at build time. Build environment variables change the application's build configuration ID, and triggers a rebuild of the application the same way that a commit would. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `--visible-build` (default: `true`) flag defines that variable as accessible at build time. Build visible environment variables change the application's build configuration ID, and triggers a rebuild of the application in the same way that a commit would. 
```

Environment variables are a good place to store values that apply only on Platform.sh and not on your local development environment. This includes API credentials for 3rd party services, mode settings if your application has a separate "Dev" and "Prod" runtime toggle, etc. 

Build variables (using the `--visible_build` flag) can be a useful place to put those variables which are used to modify your application's build in an environment-dependent way. One example would be to define a Node.js application's build on a production branch using `NODE_ENV=production`, but in development mode (`NODE_ENV=development`) for each of your development environments. Assuming that there is a production, staging, and then a number of development environments that are children of staging, you can do this with the following commands:

```bash
$ platform variable:create -l environment -e master --prefix env: --name NODE_ENV --value production --visible_build true --inheritable false
$ platform variable:create -l environment -e staging --prefix env: --name NODE_ENV --value development --visible_build true --inheritable true
```

> With these two commands, while `NODE_ENV` will be `production` on the default branch, it will be `development` on staging as well as each of its child environments. Note that build environment variables change the application's build configuration ID - value updates will trigger a rebuild of the application the same way that a commit would. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With these two commands, while `NODE_ENV` will be `production` on the default branch, it will be `development` on staging as well as each of its child environments. Note that build visible environment variables change the application's build configuration ID, and triggers a rebuild of the application in the same way that a commit would.. 
```

* **PLATFORM_PROJECT_ENTROPY**: A random, 56-character value created when the project is first created, which is then stable throughout the project's life. This can be used for Drupal hash salt, Symfony secret, or other similar values in other frameworks.
* **PLATFORM_APP_DIR**: The absolute path to the application directory.
* **PLATFORM_APPLICATION_NAME**: The name of the application, as configured in the `.platform.app.yaml` file.
* **PLATFORM_APPLICATION**: A base64-encoded JSON object that describes the application. It maps certain attributes from the `.platform.app.yaml` that you have in Git and it has a few subkeys.

`PLATFORM_APPLICATION` is a special case to keep in mind in how it differs between the build and runtime container. Every environment's build is associated with a configuration ID that uniquely identifies it. It's this ID which allows us to reuse builds on merges. The ID itself is a product of your application code, as well as its configuration for Platform.sh in `.platform.app.yaml`. 

> Not every attribute in `.platform.app.yaml` is relevant to builds - that is, not every attribute is accessible to the build container in `PLATFORM_APPLICATION`, nor will commits which edit those attributes result in a full rebuild of the application when pushed. Because of this, not all attributes defined in your `.platform.app.yaml` file will be accessible at build time from `PLATFORM_APPLICATION`, only those actually relevant to builds. Some of those attributes that will **not** be available in `PLATFORM_APPLICATION` during buids include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not every attribute in `.platform.app.yaml` is relevant to builds - that is, not every attribute is accessible to the build container in `PLATFORM_APPLICATION`, nor will commits which edit those attributes result in a full rebuild of the application when pushed. Because of this, not all attributes defined in your `.platform.app.yaml` file will be accessible at build time from `PLATFORM_APPLICATION`, only those actually relevant to builds. Some of those attributes that will **not** be available in `PLATFORM_APPLICATION` during builds include:
```

Author: @maria-webb this was redundant, but I ended up rewriting/keeping the second mention instead.
